Follow the PEP 8 style guide

The link to PEP8 https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/

Several highlights:
Whitespaces
-----
1. use spaces instead of tabs
2. use 4 spaces for each level of indentation
3. try to keep lines shorted than 79 characters(sometimes 100 or 120)
4. continuations of long expressions onto additional lines should be indented
    by four extra spaces from their normal indentation level
5. in a file, classes and functions should be separated by 2 blank lines
6. in a class, methods should be separated by 1 blank line
7. dont put spaces around list indexes, funciton calls or keyword argument
    assignments
8. put one and only one space before and after variable assignments
Naming
-----
1. functions, variables and attributes should be in lowercase_underscore format.
2. protected instance attributes should be in _leading_underscore format.
3. private instance attributes should be in __double_leading_underscore format.
4. classes and exceptions should be in CapitalizedWord format.
5. Module level constants should be in ALL_CAPS format
6. Instance Methods in classes should use self as the name of the first
    parameter(it refers to the object)
7. Class methods shoudl use cls as the name of the first parameter(it refers
    to the class)

Expressions and statements
-----
1. Use inline negation(if a is not b) insted of negation of positive expression
    (if not a is b)
2. dont check for empty values such as [] or "" by length(len(smth) == 0)
    insted use "if not smth" and assume empty values implicitly evaluate to False
3. the same applies to non-empty values such as [1,2] or 'foo'. the "if smth"
    statement would implicitly evaluate to True for non-empty values
4. Avoid single-line if statements, for and while loops, and except compound
    statements. Spread these over multiple lines for clarity.
5. Always put import statements at the top of the file.
6. Always use absolute names for modules when importing them, not names relative
    to the current module's own path. For example, to import foo module from 
    bar package, you should do "from bar import foo", not just "import foo"
7. If you must do relative imports, use the explicit syntax "from . import foo"
8. Imports should be in sections in following order:
    standard library modules
    third-party modules
    your own modules
    Each subsection should have imports in alphabetical order
Hint: can use Pylint or other tools to enforce PEP8 style guide
